Document the base arrow module (#23212)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/base-arrow-flight.rst

======================
Arrow-flight Connector
======================
This connector allows querying multiple data sources that are supported by an Arrow Flight server.
Apache Arrow enhances performance and efficiency in data-intensive applications through its columnar memory layout, zero-copy reads, vectorized execution, cross-language interoperability, rich data type support, and optimization for modern hardware. These features collectively reduce overhead, improve data processing speeds, and facilitate seamless data exchange between different systems and languages.

Getting Started with base-arrow-module: Essential Abstract Methods for Developers

> --------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

```
The formatting ``--------`` must be as long as the text in the preceding line. Currently, a warning is generated in the local doc build as follows: 

``/Users/steveburnett/Documents/GitHub/presto/presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/base-arrow-flight.rst:9: WARNING: Title underline too short.``

To utilize the base-arrow-module, you need to implement certain abstract methods that are specific to your use case. Below are the required classes and their purposes:

> 1. ``ArrowFlightClientHandler.java``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``ArrowFlightClientHandler.java``
```
Suggest making this an unordered list, as these five classes do not appear to be a linear sequence.

> This class is responsible for initializing the Flight client and retrieving Flight information from the Flight server. To authenticate the Flight server, you must implement the abstract method ``getCallOptions`` in ArrowFlightClientHandler, which returns the ``CredentialCallOption`` specific to your Flight server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This class is responsible for initializing the Flight client and retrieving Flight information from the Flight server. To authenticate the Flight server, you must implement the abstract method ``getCallOptions`` in ArrowFlightClientHandler, which returns the ``CredentialCallOption`` specific to your Flight server.
```
Indent each line under each unordered list two spaces, so the text under the unordered list item is not left-justified. 

The result should look like this: 

<img width="795" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-16 at 1 00 00 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f55ef2b8-c2a0-426b-8aa4-5a809de420d4">

> 2. ``ArrowAbstractFlightRequest.java``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``ArrowAbstractFlightRequest.java``
```
Suggest making this an unordered list, as these five classes do not appear to be a linear sequence.

> Implement this class to define the request data, including the data source type, connection properties, the number of partitions and other data required to interact with database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Implement this class to define the request data, including the data source type, connection properties, the number of partitions and other data required to interact with database.
```

> 3. ``ArrowAbstractMetadata.java``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``ArrowAbstractMetadata.java``
```
Suggest making this an unordered list, as these five classes do not appear to be a linear sequence.

> To retrieve metadata (schema and table information), implement the abstract methods in the ArrowAbstractMetadata class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To retrieve metadata (schema and table information), implement the abstract methods in the ArrowAbstractMetadata class.
```

> 4. ``ArrowAbstractSplitManager.java``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``ArrowAbstractSplitManager.java``
```
Suggest making this an unordered list, as these five classes do not appear to be a linear sequence.

> Extend the ArrowAbstractSplitManager class to implement the Arrow flight request, defining the Arrow split.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Extend the ArrowAbstractSplitManager class to implement the Arrow flight request, defining the Arrow split.
```

> 5. ``ArrowPlugin.java``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``ArrowPlugin.java``
```
Suggest making this an unordered list, as these five classes do not appear to be a linear sequence.

> Register your connector name by extending the ArrowPlugin class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Register your connector name by extending the ArrowPlugin class.
```

Configuration
-------------
To configure the Arrow connector, create a catalog file
in ``etc/catalog`` named, for example, ``arrowmariadb.properties``, to
mount the Arrow-flight connector as the ``arrowmariadb`` catalog.
Create the file with the following contents, replacing the
connection properties as appropriate for your setup:

.. code-block:: none

        connector.name=<CONNECTOR_NAME> 

        arrow-flight.server=<SERVER_ENDPOINT>
        arrow-flight.server.port=<SERVER_PORT>

        data-source.name=<DATASOURCE_NAME>
        data-source.host=<HOST>
        data-source.database=<DATABASE_NAME>
        data-source.username=<USERNAME>
        data-source.password=<PASSWORD>
        data-source.port=<PORT>
        data-source.ssl=<TRUE/FALSE>

>         Add other properties that are required for your Flight server to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add other properties that are required for your Flight server to connect.
```
Formatting suggestion, because this sentence does not appear to be part of the code block.

>         Note : You can add other properties that are required for your Flight server to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add other properties that are required for your Flight server to connect.
```
Formatting suggestion, because this sentence does not appear to be part of the code block.

> ========================================== ==============================================================

Reviewer: Suggest adding a third column to this table for `Default` values. 
For one example, should ``arrow-flight.server.port`` have a default value of ``32010``?
For items that don't have a default, such as ``data-source.host``, leave the column blank for that row.

Property Name                               Description
========================================== ==============================================================
``arrow-flight.server``                     Endpoint of arrow-flight server
``arrow-flight.server.port``                Flight server port
``data-source.name``                        Datasource name
``data-source.host``                        Hostname of the database
``data-source.database``                    Database name
``data-source.username``                    Username of database
``data-source.password``                    Password of database
``data-source.port``                        Database port
``data-source.ssl``                         Enable SSL for datasource True/False
``arrow-flight.server-ssl-certificate``     Pass ssl certificate
``arrow-flight.server.verify``              To verify server
``arrow-flight.server-ssl-enabled``         Port is ssl enabled
========================================== ==============================================================

Querying Arrow-Flight
---------------------

> The Arrow-Flight connector provides schema for each supported *databases*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Arrow-Flight connector provides schema for each supported *database*.
```

> The Arrow-Flight connector provides schema for every supported *databases*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Arrow-Flight connector provides schema for each supported *database*.
```
Is this each _supported_ database, or each _configured_ database (that has a catalog file in ``etc/catalog``?

Example for MariaDB is shown below.

> You can see the available schemas by running ``SHOW SCHEMAS``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the available schemas, run ``SHOW SCHEMAS``::
```
Suggest change to imperative.

    SHOW SCHEMAS FROM arrowmariadb;

> If you have a MariaDB database named ``user``, you can view the tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the tables in the MariaDB database named ``user``, 
```

> in this database by running ``SHOW TABLES``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run ``SHOW TABLES``::
```

    SHOW TABLES FROM arrowmariadb.user;

> You can see a list of the columns in the ``admin`` table in the ``user`` database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see a list of the columns in the ``admin`` table in the ``user`` database,
```

> using either of the following::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use either of the following commands::
```

    DESCRIBE arrowmariadb.user.admin;
    SHOW COLUMNS FROM arrowmariadb.user.admin;

Finally, you can access the ``admin`` table in the ``user`` database::

    SELECT * FROM arrowmariadb.user.admin;

If you used a different name for your catalog properties file, use
that catalog name instead of ``arrowmariadb`` in the above examples.

Arrow-Flight Connector Limitations

> ---------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------------------
```

Warning in local doc build: 
``/Users/steveburnett/Documents/GitHub/presto/presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/base-arrow-flight.rst:100: WARNING: Title underline too short.``

> * SELECT and DESCRIBE queries are supported by this connector template. Implementing modules can add support for additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`/sql/select` and :doc:`/sql/describe` queries are supported by this connector template. Implementing modules can add support for additional features.
```

> * SELECT and DESCRIBE queries are supported by this connector template. Implementing modules can add support for additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`/sql/select` and :doc:`/sql/describe` queries are supported by this connector template. Implementing modules can add support for additional features.
```
Suggest add link to the docs for SELECT and DESCRIBE.
